PR: Update RELEASE and MAINTENANCE files and fix some IPython Console issues (#16895)
spyder-ide/spyder: RELEASE.md

* Release a new version of `python-lsp-server`, if required.

* Merge PRs on Conda-forge that update the `spyder-kernels` and `python-lsp-server` feedstocks (usually an automatic PR will appear that can be either merged as it is or be use as boilerplate):

  - `spyder-kernels`: https://github.com/conda-forge/spyder-kernels-feedstock

  - `python-lsp-server`: https://github.com/conda-forge/python-lsp-server-feedstock

  **Notes**:

  - Review carefully the release notes of those packages to see if it's necessary to add new dependencies or update the constraints on the current ones (e.g. `jedi >=0.17.2`).
  - After merging each of those PRs, give a ping to the Anaconda team telling them that these packages are required for the new Spyder version. You need to use the handle `@anaconda-pkg-build` for that. Here is an example of this kind of messages:

>     https://github.com/conda-forge/spyder-kernels-feedstock/pull/58#issuecomment-725664085

Reviewer: Please remove this bullet entry. It was useful a year ago, but I doubt the Anaconda team is monitoring that Github handle now.

## After the release

> * Publish release in our Github Releases page:
>       * Copy the contents of the previous release description (updating the relevant information and links to point to the new Spyder version and changelog entry).
>       * Edit the previous release description to only have the changelog line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Publish release in our Github Releases page:
  - Copy the contents of the previous release description (updating the relevant information and links to point to the new Spyder version and changelog entry).
  - Edit the previous release description to only have the changelog line.
```

Improve markdown formatting a bit.

> * Publish release announcements to our [list](https://groups.google.com/group/spyderlib) (following [Announcements.md](Announcements.md)) after the installers have been build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Publish release announcement to our [list](https://groups.google.com/group/spyderlib) (following [Announcements.md](Announcements.md)) after the installers have been built.
```
